Restructure time bucket to fit new how-to structure (#1057)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/time-buckets/about-time-buckets.md

# About time buckets
The [`time_bucket`][time_bucket] function allows you to aggregate data into
buckets of time, for example: 5 minutes, 1 hour, or 3 days. It's similar to
PostgreSQL's [`date_trunc`][date_trunc] function, but it gives you more
flexibility in bucket size and start time.

Time bucketing is essential to working with time-series data. You can use it to
roll up data for analysis or downsampling. For example, you can calculate
5-minute averages for a sensor reading over the last day. You can perform these

> rollups as needed or pre-calculate them in [continuous aggregates][caggs].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rollups as needed, or pre-calculate them in [continuous aggregates][caggs].
```

This section explains how time bucketing works. For examples of the

> `time_bucket` function, see the section on [using time
> buckets][use-time-buckets].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`time_bucket` function, see the section on 
[using time buckets][use-time-buckets].
```

## How time bucketing works
Time bucketing groups data into time intervals. With `time_bucket`, the interval
length can be any number of microseconds, milliseconds, seconds, minutes, hours,
days, or weeks.

`time_bucket` is usually used in combination with `GROUP BY` to aggregate data.
For example, you can calculate the average, maximum, minimum, or sum of values
within a bucket.

<img class="main-content__illustration"
    src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/docs/images/getting-started/time-bucket.jpg"
    alt="Diagram showing time-bucket aggregating data into daily buckets, and calculating the daily sum of a value"
/>

<highlight type="note"> 

> `time_bucket` doesn't support months, years, and timezones. The experimental

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`time_bucket` doesn't support months, years, or timezones. The experimental
```

function `time_bucket_ng` adds support for these intervals and parameters. To
learn more, see the section on
[`time_bucket_ng`](#experimental-function-time-bucket-ng).
</highlight>

### Origin
Bucket start and end times are calculated based on an origin time. For a
week-based bucket, `time_bucket` needs some way to determine when to start
counting weeks. For a day-based bucket, it needs some way to determine when to

> start counting days, and so on.
> 
> It uses the `origin` date and time. The default origin for `time_bucket` is
> January 3, 2000. Counting from the origin, the first possible start date for a
> two-week time bucket is January 3, 2000. The next possible start date is two
> weeks from then, on January 17, 2000, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
start counting days, and so on. This is dones with the `origin` date and time. 

The default origin for `time_bucket` is January 3, 2000. Counting from the 
origin, the first possible start date for a two-week time bucket is January 3, 
2000. The next possible start date is two weeks from then, on January 17, 
2000, and so on.
```

For example, say that your data's earliest timestamp is April 24, 2020. If you
bucket by an interval of two weeks, the first bucket doesn't start on April 24,
which is a Friday. It doesn't start on April 20, which is the immediately
preceding Monday. It starts on April 13, because you can get to April 13, 2020,
by counting in two-week increments from January 3, 2000.

<!-- TODO: insert time bucket origin diagram -->

For integer time values, time buckets align to an origin of 0.

#### Choice of origin
In TimescaleDB 1.0 and above, the default origin for `time_bucket` is January 3,

> 2020. That date is a Monday, which allows week-based buckets to begin on Monday

Reviewer: Is 2020 correct?
